IN INTERSESSION THIS
MEETING WILL BE BROADCAST LIVE
ON KEYBANK CABLE CHANNEL 16
AT&amp;T CHANNEL 99 AND ONLINE AT
EIGHT TO GO BACK AND WATCH THE
TWO YEAR PUBLIC PUBLIC
COMMENTARY CAN BE MADE IN
PERSON BY CALLING A SEVEN SEVEN
EIGHT FIVE THREE FOUR FIVE TWO
FOUR FOUR SEVEN OR EIGHT EIGHT
SEVEN EIGHT ZERO ZERO ZERO NINE
NINE INTERMEDIATING IDU NINE
SIX NINE NINE FOUR ZERO THREE
SEVEN EIGHT SEVEN FOUR
TEST AND
SEE IF THE ECHO IS ON EVERYONE
THAT WE KNOW THAT.
OK THANK YOU.
WHAT YOU ROLL CALL.
YEAH COMMISSIONER WINKLER HERE
COMMISSIONER COLVIN IS ABSENT
SHE IS D&apos;AMBOISE ABSENT
COMMISSIONER DAN HERE
COMMISSIONER CARSE HERE.
&gt;&gt; COMMISSIONER SILVER HERE
COUNCIL MEMBER NELSON IS
OUTSIDE COUNCIL NO DENHA HERE
BY SHIKARPUR HERE.
GREAT.
THANK YOU.
&gt;&gt; THIS IS THE TIME FOR PUBLIC
COMMENT.
IS THERE ANYONE ONLINE THERE&apos;S
NO ONE HERE PHYSICALLY.
HOLOFCENER EXCUSE ME ARGYRIS
HERE.
&gt;&gt; OK, SHE&apos;S NOT REALLY A
MEMBER OF THE PUBLIC EVEN
THOUGH SHE&apos;S NOT TECHNICALLY
HERE TO FORM A QUORUM.
&gt;&gt; BUT BUT BUT LEZZY CAN SPEAK
LATER ON IN THE MEETING AS SHE
WISHES.
OK, WE CHANGE THE AGENDA.
&gt;&gt; THE CITY ADMINISTRATOR WAS
UNABLE TO ATTEND TONIGHT SO
WE&apos;RE GOING TO MOVE THAT AGENDA
ITEM TO ANOTHER MEETING.
ARE THERE ANY OTHER ADDITIONS
TO THE AGENDA?
DOES ANYONE HAVE I HAVE ONE
ADDITION AND
JUST GOING TO
COVER THAT ADDITION RATHER THAN
ADD IT FORMALLY.
SO THERE IS ANOTHER ITEM
THERE&apos;S A COMMITTEE REGARDING
ID HAVING A GOVERNMENT ISSUED
ID AND FORWARDING THOSE IDS THE
SAME STATUS AS DRIVER&apos;S
LICENSES AND OTHER OFFICIAL IDS
AND THAT COMMITTEE HAS A
MEETING TOMORROW.
&gt;&gt; THERE&apos;S A NEW DRAFT PROPOSED
ORDINANCE OR CORPORATE COUNCIL.
MARGARETTA HAS HAS UPDATED AND
DONE AND THAT&apos;S GOING TO BE
REVIEWED AT THE FOLLOWING
MEETINGS IS MY UNDERSTANDING.
SO THAT&apos;S WHERE WE ARE ON THAT.
SO JUST THAT&apos;S THE DISCUSSION
OF THAT ITEM AND WITH NO OTHER
ADDITIONS WE&apos;LL MOVE TO NUMBER
THREE INTERNAL BUSINESS THE
MINUTES THAT&apos;S EVERYONE HAD A
CHANCE TO LOOK AT THE MINUTES.
DOES ANYONE WANT TO MAKE A
MOTION THAT THEY BE ACCEPTED?
&gt;&gt; I MOTION TO HAS BEEN MOVED
AND SECONDED ALL IN FAVOR.
I THE MINUTES ARE APPROVED FROM
THE LAST MEETING.
NOW WE HAVE A FOLLOW UP ON
OUTSIDE GROUP WORK CITY
COUNCIL.
WE&apos;LL START WITH THAT TRAVES DO
YOU HAVE ANYTHING TO REPORT
FROM CITY COUNCIL?
I DO NOT HAVE A MAJOR UPDATE
OTHER THAN AS YOU COULD ALL SEE
WE HAD AN IMPRESSIVE TURNOUT IN
THE ELECTION YESTERDAY AND ALSO
AS A RESULT OF THE ELECTION
BEING THIS WEEK OUR OUR NORMAL
COUNCIL MEETING WILL BE HELD
TOMORROW EVENING ON THURSDAY.
SO FOLKS SHOULD EXPECT TO TUNE
IN TOMORROW FOR COUNCIL.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU EVEN TRAVIS,
ANYTHING TO REPORT ON THE
FACIAL RECOGNITION?
NOT AT THIS TIME.
ON COMPLAINTS INDIO, ANYONE
HAVE ANYTHING TO SAY?
AS FAR AS I KNOW, THERE&apos;S NO
OUTSTANDING COMPLAINTS.
&gt;&gt; ANY INQUIRY?
ACTUALLY, I CHECKED WITH THE
WHO KEEPS OUR RECORDS AND THERE
WAS ONE NEW COMPLAINT WE DIDN&apos;T
HAVE JURISDICTION OVER IT.
IT&apos;S BEEN REFERRED AS ONE
ONGOING EMPLOYMENT DISABILITY
COMPLAINT AND WE HAD THREE
REQUESTS FOR INFORMATION KINDS
OF THINGS ABOUT HOUSING ISSUES
THAT REALLY DIDN&apos;T WEREN&apos;T
ALLEGED TO BE DISCRIMINATORY OR
ANYTHING LIKE THAT AND WE GAVE
THEM INFORMATION WE COULDN&apos;T
REFER THEM ALSO TO THANK YOU NO
OTHER OPEN COMPLAINTS THAT
ANYONE&apos;S AWARE OF .
&gt;&gt; NOT THAT I&apos;M AWARE ALL
RIGHT.
&gt;&gt; LESLIE, ARE YOU THERE
BECAUSE WE WOULD LIKE TO TALK
ABOUT THE ANNUAL REPORT SAYS
THE ONLINE.
&gt;&gt; YES, OK,
OR CHAIR LESLIE
STAMBAUGH HAS BEEN DRAFTING THE
ANNUAL REPORT FOR THIS
COMMITTEE TO SUBMIT TO CITY
COUNCIL AND SHE CAN GIVE US AN
UPDATE ON THAT.
&gt;&gt; GOOD AFTERNOON, LESLIE.
WE HAVE A NEW OK, HUH?
WE CAN HEAR YOU NOW.
&gt;&gt; I CAN&apos;T REMEMBER WHEN I
WANTED TO STAY.
&gt;&gt; WE WE&apos;RE TALKING ABOUT YOUR
ANNUAL REPORT THAT YOU&apos;VE
DRAFTED.
&gt;&gt; I DID THAT.
I WOULD LIKE SOME FEEDBACK ON
IT BECAUSE I THINK WE HAVE TO
PASS IT NEXT MONTH AND I WANT
TO MAKE ANY CHANGES THAT NEED
TO BE CHANGED BEFORE THE NEXT
MEETING SO THAT WE CAN PASS IT
.
OK, ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
&gt;&gt; EVERYBODY HAS A COPY OF YOU
.
ARE THERE ANY QUESTIONS OR
ANYTHING WE SHOULD DISCUSS?
I WOULD JUST LIKE TO ADD A
POSSIBLE I DID MY USUAL EDITING
STUFF AND SO IF PEOPLE LOOKING
AT IT MIGHT WANT TO LOOK AT
MINE AS WELL AS LOVELY SO THAT
WE&apos;RE NOT SORT OF IT MIGHT GET
CONFUSING TO WORK OFF OF TWO
DIFFERENT DRAFTS MINE KEPT THE
SUBSTANCE OF LESLIE&apos;S I JUST
THOUGHT, YOU KNOW, CHANGED THE
WORDING HERE AND THERE BUT DO
WHATEVER YOU LIKE.
&gt;&gt; IT&apos;S JUST WHAT WHAT IF I
LOOK AT IT WHEN I GET BACK THE
NEXT WEEK AND BY WEDNESDAY I
WILL SEND OUT THE REVISED
VERSION OF IT SINCE I ALREADY
HAVE I HAVE TWO PEOPLE&apos;S INPUT
THAT WORK SO I HAVE SO I&apos;LL
SEND THE COPY THAT EVERYBODY
HAS.
THE TWO PEOPLE HAVE ALREADY
WEIGHED IN ON OK GREAT GREAT
THANK YOU.
&gt;&gt; THAT&apos;S GREAT.
SO THEN WE&apos;LL SEE WE&apos;LL LOOK AT
THAT AND RATHER THAN LOOK YEARS
LINDA WILL JUST LOOK AT THE
REVISED VERSION OK THANKS GREAT
TRESPASS LINDA.
ANYTHING TO REPORT ON TRESPASS.
YEAH SO WITHIN THE LAST COUPLE
OF MONTHS WE DID DRAFT A
REVISED TRESPASS NOTICE AND I
NEVER POLICE DEPARTMENT ACTING
DEPUTY CHIEF PATRICK MAGUIRE
AND DEPUTY CITY ATTORNEY ORIEN
CLé APPROVED IT AS IT IS
WRITTEN AND THEY AGREED THAT IT
SHOULD GO TO THE COMMUNITY
DEPARTMENT TO BE MADE MADE UP
INTO AN OFFICIAL FORM AND YET
IT HAS BEEN THERE FOR THE PAST
MONTH OR SO AND I WAS TOLD BY
ACTING DEPUTY CHIEF MAGUIRE
THAT WE SHOULD HAVE IT THIS
WEEK TO LOOK AT AND AND WE WILL
ALL MEET AGAIN IN THE LONGER
AND THERE LIKELY WILL BE SOME
FURTHER CHANGES BUT WE ARE
DEFINITELY MAKING PROGRESS SO
IT&apos;S GREAT.
GREAT.
THANK YOU.
SURE.
QUESTIONS ANYONE OK THANK YOU.
&gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT.
OLD BUSINESS OUTREACH UPDATE&apos;S
LESLIE, DO YOU HAVE AN UPDATE
ON OUR SCHOOL SOCIAL WORK
PROJECT?
I HAVE NOT BEEN IN TOUCH WITH
THEM RECENTLY BUT I DO KNOW
THAT THE SCHOOL YEAR IS COMING
TO A CLOSE AND WE WILL HAVE
REPORTS SOON.
&gt;&gt; I&apos;M ASSUMING THAT WE WILL DO
THE SAME THING THAT WE DID LAST
YEAR AT LEAST THIS IS THIS IS
KIND OF WHAT I TOLD THEM AND I
HOPE THIS IS THIS WILL WORK FOR
US THAT WE WILL TRY TO LOOK
THEM OVER AND DECIDE WHICH ONES
WE WANT TO ACTUALLY HAVE A
PRESENTATION ON AND SOMETIME AT
THE BEGINNING OF NEXT YEAR
PERHAPS WE&apos;LL HAVE SOME
PRESENTATIONS.
THEY SHOULD BE INTERESTING.
THERE WAS A LOT OF INTEREST AND
I SUSPECT THEY WILL BE GOOD.
&gt;&gt; OK, THANK YOU.
THAT&apos;S GOOD.
THANKS.
OTHER OUTREACH YOU EMAIL US A
STUDENT GOVERNMENT ANYONE HAVE
ANYTHING TO REPORT ON THAT?
&gt;&gt; YEAH AND AGAIN AND I TALKED
TO THE STUDENTS FROM THE
RELISTENING STUDENT GOVERNMENT
AND AMY DO YOU HAVE ANY
THOUGHTS YOU WHEN THERE&apos;S
CERTAINLY THERE&apos;S CERTAINLY AN
AN INTEREST IN OUR DOING A
PRESENTATION PROBABLY NOT TILL
THE BEGINNING OF THE WINTER
SEMESTER.
BUT THE QUESTION IS WHAT WILL
THAT INCLUDE IN ADEN?
&gt;&gt; YOU WANT TO TALK A LITTLE
BIT ABOUT WHAT THAT&apos;S ABOUT?
&gt;&gt; YEAH, I THINK THAT THEY ALSO
HAVE A HUGE INTEREST IN HAVING
CERTAIN OTHER REPRESENTATIVES
TO THE MEETING AND PRESENTATION
AS WELL MEETING THESE
REPRESENTATIVES, PERHAPS OTHER
FOLKS FROM THE CITY FOR LEGAL
JUSTICE.
THERE WAS SORT OF THE FULL
SCOPE OF WHAT OUR SERVICES WERE
AS WELL AS HOW WE INTERACT WITH
OTHER FOLKS ADDITIONALLY AS
WELL IN TERMS OF THE ACTUAL
PRESENTATION, PLEASE FEEL
WELCOME TO CORRECT ME I THINK
IT&apos;S MORE SO THEY&apos;RE LOOKING
FOR CONTEXT OF WHO WE ARE AND
WE DO THAT ADDITIONALLY AS WELL
AS SORT OF INTANGIBLE HOW TO SO
FOR INSTANCE IF A STUDENT HAS
HOUSING COMPLAINED HOW HOW THAT
LOOKS LIKE WHO HAS IT RELATES
TO THE HUMAN RIGHTS COMMISSION
,THE POLICE DEPARTMENT, THINGS
LIKE THAT OF THAT SORT THERE
ARE LOOKING FOR ABOUT AND ONCE
AND MAKING 45 TO 60 MINUTES
OF PRESENTATION BETWEEN THE
GROUPS THAT MENTIONED AND THEN
JUST IN GENERAL Q&amp;A THEY CAN
SORT OF POINT YOUR QUESTIONS TO
I THINK IT&apos;S VERY EXCITING.
&gt;&gt; I WAS VERY ENCOURAGED BY
JUST THE LEVEL OF DETAIL THAT
WE RECEIVED FROM THE STUDENT
GOVERNMENT.
I THINK ADDITIONALLY AS WELL AS
WE&apos;RE TALKING ABOUT CONSISTENT
STRATEGIC OUTREACH, THIS IS A
REALLY GREAT VENUE TO DO THAT
AS WE DOING IN OUR STUDENT
LEADERS.
BUT JUST TO RECAP AGAIN, EARLY
TWENTY TWENTY THREE NO MORE
THAN AN HOUR AND A HALF
COMMITMENT.
THEY ARE ALSO TASKED WITH THE
OUTREACH OF OTHER ENTITIES
ORGANIZATIONS AS WELL.
SO IF THEY DO WANT THE MICHIGAN
POLICE THERE THAT&apos;S ON THEM AND
WE WILL OF COURSE COLLABORATE
THERE.
BUT TO MY UNDERSTANDING AS WELL
,SHOULD THEY WANT THEY CAN
TAKE OUR PRESENTATION AND
CONDUCT IN CONJUNCTION WITH
OTHER FOLKS PRESENTATIONS AND
SO REALLY A LOT OF THE LEGWORK
FOR US IS JUST COMING UP WITH
THE ACTUAL OUTREACH
PRESENTATION ITSELF WHICH I
THINK SEEMS VERY DOABLE
CONSIDERING OUR OUR ALREADY HAD
RESOURCES.
&gt;&gt; RIGHT.
ONE OF THE ISSUES OF COURSE IS
THAT THE UNIVERSITY STUDENT IS
DEALING WITH A NUMBER
OF DIFFERENT JURISDICTIONS THE
HUMAN RIGHTS COMMISSION CAN&apos;T
REALLY HAS NO NO JURISDICTION
ON CAMPUS EXCEPT THAT WE CAN
TELL PEOPLE WHERE TO GO.
&gt;&gt; THAT WOULD BE HELPFUL.
WE NO WE DON&apos;T KNOW WHAT ALL
THOSE BOUNDARIES ARE AND THIS
WILL GIVE US A CHANCE TO TO
FIND OUT WHAT WHAT WHAT KINDS
OF THINGS DO THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN POLICE HAVE HAVE TO
DO?
WHAT ARE THE THINGS THAT
VARIOUS COMPLAINT
RESOURCES THE
STUDENTS HAVE AND WHAT CAN WE
DO BECAUSE WE&apos;VE GOT LOTS
OF STUDENTS OBVIOUSLY COME OFF
CAMPUS AND WHEN THEY DO AND
THEY HAVE TROUBLE FOR EXAMPLE,
IN RENTING A HOME OR IN SOME
INCIDENT THAT HAPPENS AT A
PUBLIC ACCOMMODATION OR MAYBE
THEY HAVE A SIDE JOB AND
THEY&apos;RE TALKING ABOUT
EMPLOYMENT PROBLEMS.
&gt;&gt; ANY OF THOSE THINGS WE CAN
HANDLE OF COURSE.
&gt;&gt; SO WE WOULD PROBABLY NEED TO
DO SOME LOOKING INTO WHAT THE
JURISDICTIONS ARE, EXACTLY WHAT
THE BOUNDARIES ARE SO THAT WE
CAN GUIDE THEM.
&gt;&gt; OK, THANK YOU.
&gt;&gt; DIANE IS ALSO INTERESTED IN
THIS TOO AND SHE&apos;S ALSO WILLING
TO TO BE A PART OF THIS AND IF
ANYBODY ELSE IS INTERESTED, WE
HAVE THEY CAN THEY CERTAINLY
CAN JOIN.
THANK YOU, LESLIE.
UNARMED RESPONSE.
LESLIE, DID YOU HAVE SOMETHING
TO PUT ON IT?
&gt;&gt; YEAH, WE SAID AT ONE POINT
WHEN THIS CAME UP FIRST AND IF
YOU REMEMBER A COUPLE MONTHS
AGO WE WE SENT CITY COUNCIL A
RESOLUTION THAT WE WERE VERY
INTERESTED IN AND OUR RESPONSE
WE SUPPORTED WHAT THEY SAID
THEY WERE GOING TO DO AND WE
WANTED TO BE INCLUDED IN THE
DISCUSSIONS AROUND DESIGN AND
IMPLEMENTATION.
THINGS ARE GOING QUICKLY AND
THEY&apos;RE GOING WITHOUT OUR
CONSULTATION.
I HAVE NEVER BEEN CONTACTED THE
THE POLICE OVERSIGHT COMMISSION
ALSO ONE OF BEEN CONTACTED AND
DOESN&apos;T FEEL THAT THEY HAVE
BEEN I THINK WE WOULD BE WISE
IF WE REALLY DO WANT TO TO HELP
AND I THINK WE SHOULD BUT IF WE
DO WE SHOULD HAVE A WORKING
GROUP AND I&apos;D BE INTERESTED IN
FINDING OUT WHO WANTS TO WHO
WOULD BE INTERESTED IN BEING
PART OF THAT AND THEN AND THEN
WE COULD MOVE ON FROM THERE.
IS THERE ANYBODY THERE WOULD BE
INTERESTED IN BEING PART OF A
WORKING GROUP ON THIS?
&gt;&gt; LESLIE, CAN I ASK A
QUESTION?
SURE.
WHAT WOULD YOUR WORKING GROUP
BE TASKED WITH IF WE HAVEN&apos;T
ACTUALLY BEEN ASKED FOR
PARTICULAR FEEDBACK?
I MEAN SHOULD WE FIRST FIND OUT
FROM MR. HONI OR OTHERS HOW WE
CAN BE HELPFUL SO WE KNOW WHAT
IT IS THIS GROUP SHOULD DO?
AND THE SECOND PART I WOULD SAY
IS WE ONLY HAVE FIVE PEOPLE
HERE TONIGHT.
WE HAVE MORE WE WILL HAVE A
FULL CADRE OF NINE AND THAT
MIGHT BE THE TIME TO FORM ANY
KIND OF NEW GROUP.
I THINK WE HAVE TO GO SOMEWHAT
QUICKLY.
&gt;&gt; BUT YES, WE WE CERTAINLY
COULD ADD MORE PEOPLE ONCE THEY
THEY COME ON BOARD.
I&apos;M THINKING I&apos;M THINKING
PRETTY MUCH WHAT YOU&apos;VE SAID
EXCEPT THAT I&apos;M I&apos;M THINKING WE
OUGHT TO THINK FIRST ABOUT WHAT
WE&apos;D LIKE TO DO AND THEN AND
THEN ASK THEM IF THAT THEY WANT
THAT KIND OF HELP.
BUT I THINK THERE ARE WAYS YOU
PINCHED IT.
I THINK THERE ARE WAYS THAT
THAT WE CAN BE EXTREMELY
HELPFUL AND SAVE THEM A LOT
OF TIME AND MONEY.
I GUESS I OWE APOLOGIES.
&gt;&gt; I GUESS I&apos;M ALSO WITH LINDA
IN THAT I&apos;M UNSURE
OF NECESSARILY WHAT WE SHOULD
OR WOULD BE CONTRIBUTING IN
THIS INSTANCE.
&gt;&gt; I KNOW THAT WE CAN WE HAVE
ASPIRATIONS TO CONTRIBUTE
THROUGH A CERTAIN LENS AND
CAPACITY.
HOWEVER, JUST BECAUSE WE ARE
RELATIVELY OUT OF THE LOOP AND
WE DON&apos;T NECESSARILY HAVE AS
MUCH CONTEXT AS WE WOULD LIKE,
I WOULD FIRST FEEL MOST
COMFORTABLE IF WE DID MAKE THAT
POINT AND ASK OF JUST SO WE
HAVE A FULL CONTEXT AND KNOW
WHAT WE&apos;RE WORKING ON BECAUSE I
WOULD HATE FOR EVERYBODY&apos;S TIME
TO NOT BE PUT TO THE BEST USE
I
I ALSO JUST WANT TO TAKE A
SECOND.
I KNOW THAT EVERYONE IN THEIR
PACKET HAS A MEMO FROM THE
ADMINISTRATOR THAT WENT TO THE
MAYOR AND COUNCIL ON THE
COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT PROCESS AS
WELL.
AND SO I THINK POTENTIALLY
THERE COULD BE AN OPPORTUNITY
FOR EITHER YOU LESLIE AS CHAIR
OR THROUGH STAFF POTENTIALLY TO
HAVE A CONVERSATION WITH THE
ADMINISTRATOR ABOUT ANY
FEEDBACK THAT YOU MIGHT HAVE ON
THE COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT
PROCESS AND TO OFFER KIND THAT
ASSISTANCE I&apos;M GETTING INVOLVED
I WOULD PROBABLY ENCOURAGE THAT
BEFORE FORMING A FULL WORK
GROUP AND BECAUSE I I ALSO
THINK TO THE POINT THAT THERE
IS THAT TIME MAYBE OF THE
ESSENCE I THINK THAT THAT
ADDITIONAL STEP COULD SLOW
THINGS DOWN FROM THIS BODY AS
WELL.
IT SOUNDS LIKE PEOPLE WHO AGREE
WITH YOU IT MAKES SENSE TO ME.
I AGREE WITH THAT.
I&apos;D RATHER HAVE SOME MORE
COMMUNICATION WITH THE ONGOING
EFFORT BEFORE WE SORT OF FORM A
GROUP OUT OF NOWHERE TO DO.
I&apos;M NOT SURE WHAT YEAH.
&gt;&gt; BUT I APPRECIATE THE TIME IS
OF THE ESSENCE SO WE&apos;LL TRY TO
MOVE THAT CONVERSATION ALONG.
OK, QUICKLY THANK YOU LESLIE.
&gt;&gt; UM, NEW BUSINESS ALONG THOSE
LINES.
&gt;&gt; I WAS GOING TO ASK TRAVIS OR
ANYONE WHO MIGHT KNOW AS FAR AS
THE PROCESS WHERE WE STAND AND
GETTING NEW APPOINTMENTS WE
WERE DOWN A COUPLE AND I KNOW
PEOPLE REPLIED YEAH.
&gt;&gt; SO AT OUR LAST COUNCIL
MEETING THE MAYOR NOMINATED
BOTH BRANDON BOND AND SARAH
PETS MEYER OR WHO WERE BOTH
RECOMMENDATIONS OF THIS BODY
AND SO THEY SHOULD BE FORMALLY
APPROVED AT OUR MEETING
TOMORROW BARRING ANY OBJECTIONS
.
BUT I&apos;M NOT ANTICIPATING ANY I
HAVEN&apos;T HEARD ANY AND SO MY MY
EXPECTATION IS THEY WILL BE
APPROVED TOMORROW AND THEN THEY
WILL HEAR FROM STAFF ABOUT
JOINING OUR WORK.
&gt;&gt; SO FANTASTIC.
THANK
AND CONGRATULATIONS TO
AIDEN ON HIS ELECTION TO THE
LIBRARY BOARD.
&gt;&gt; OH, CONGRATULATIONS.
I HOPE THEY DON&apos;T MEET ON
WEDNESDAYS.
THEY BETTER NOT.
THE FIRST MEETING THEY&apos;LL BE A
PART OF IS MONDAY, JANUARY
TWENTY THIRD AT SEVEN P.M. SO
WE SHOULD BE SAFE HERE.
VERY EXCITED AND I DO
APPRECIATE ALL THE
ENCOURAGEMENT FROM THIS BY THE
OUTSIDE OF THESE CHAMBERS
OF COURSE.
BUT YES, IT WAS A VERY, VERY,
VERY LONG NIGHT AND PROCESS BUT
I THINK THE JUICE IS VERY MUCH
WORTH THE SQUEEZE.
&gt;&gt; RIGHT, RIGHT.
GRADUATION&apos;S ANY OTHER NEW
BUSINESS.
OK, DO I HAVE A MOTION TO
ADJOURN SECOND JAVOR I I&apos;M
MEETING ADJOURNED.
THANK YOU.
&gt;&gt; YEAH